samples: nrf93m1dk: Add nRF93M1 DK samples (#29289)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/samples/nrf93m1dk.rst

.. _nrf93m1dk_samples:

nRF93M1 DK samples
##################

> This section lists the |NCS| samples specific to the nRF93M1 Development Kit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section lists the |NCS| samples specific to the :zephyr:board:`nrf93m1dk`.
```
